Add content inspired by seed ui (#581)
brightlayer-ui/doc-it: src/docs/patterns/overlay.mdx

Simple modals should have a title, a descriptive message, and action buttons for users to respond to the prompt or dismiss the dialog. These modals should be no larger than is necessary to contain their contents.

> <ImageGrid

Reviewer: General grammar comment: punctuation goes inside the quotes when it's at the end of a sentence (in the images and in the captions).

Author: I think there might be some I18N concerns here. I will remove the quotation marks

    images={[DialogText1, DialogText2, DialogText3, DialogText4, DialogText5, DialogText6]}
    captionsUnderImages={[

>         'DONT: Do not arrange button so that your users are more likely to click the destructive option.',

Reviewer: This picture doesn't really seem to be showing 'arrangement' of buttons like the caption says. This seems more like "Don't use normal button styles for destructive actions."

>         'DONT: Do not leave important details in the body text / description. Put them in the dialog title instead.',

Reviewer: I think a period instead of four exclamation points would more strongly indicate that important details are not being emphasized.

>         'DONT: “Alert!” does not match with “Yes” or “No”. You must make dialog options match the question being asked.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'DONT: Use vague or generic dialog titles. “Alert!” does not match with the “Yes” or “No” actions. You must make the actions match the question being asked.',
```

>         'AVOID: Your message should be concise. Avoid using wordy languages like “are you sure you want to” or “execute delete operation”.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'AVOID: Your message should be concise. Avoid using wordy language like “are you sure you want to” or “execute delete operation”.',
```
